Syndicate ol tools vs code (#3992)
OpenLiberty/blogs: posts/2024-10-24-liberty-tools-visual-studio-code.adoc

seo-title: Effective cloud native development with Open Liberty in Visual Studio Code - OpenLiberty.io
seo-description: Liberty Tools for Visual Studio Code enables fast, easy and efficient development of cloud native Java applications with Open Liberty.
blog_description: "Liberty Tools for Visual Studio Code enables fast, easy and efficient development of cloud native Java applications with Open Liberty."
open-graph-image: https://openliberty.io/img/twitter_card.jpg
open-graph-image-alt: Open Liberty Logo
redirect_link: https://developer.ibm.com/articles/awb-effective-cloud-native-development-open-liberty-vs-code/
permalink: /blog/redirected.html
---
= Effective cloud native development with Open Liberty in Visual Studio Code
Grace Jansen <https://github.com/GraceJansen>
//Blank line here is necessary before starting the body of the post.

As cloud-native developers, you have to care not only about developing your application, but also the building, deployment, and management of it in production. These added tasks create a complex and often challenging environment, which causes you to be constantly switching between different platforms, tools, and frameworks.

> What you need is a way in which you could complete this diverse set of tasks, with language and framework support, all within one IDE. The open source Liberty Tools for Visual Studio Code, offers just this option, helping you in developing, building, testing, deploying, and managing your applications – all within your favorite IDE, Visual Studio Code!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What you need is a way in which you could complete this diverse set of tasks, with language and framework support, all within one IDE. The open source Liberty Tools for Visual Studio Code offers just this option, helping you develop, build, test, deploy, and manage your applications – all within your favorite IDE, Visual Studio Code!
```
